about:

I have worked with a lot of different
        projects, from small websites to large web applications, and I have also
        worked with AI, Machine Learning, and Automation. I have also worked
        with a lot of different tools and technologies, like Git, Docker,
        and more. I have also
        worked with a lot of different databases, like MySQL, PostgreSQL,
        MongoDB, and more. 
		
		I have also worked with a lot of different front-end
        frameworks, like Angular, Vue.js, React.js and more. I have also worked with a
        lot of different back-end frameworks, like Express, Koa, and more. I
        have also worked with a lot of different testing frameworks, like Jest,
        Mocha, and more. I have also worked with a lot of different CI/CD tools,
        like Travis CI, CircleCI, and more. I have also worked with a lot of
        different monitoring tools, like New Relic, Datadog, and more. I have
        also worked with a lot of different logging tools, like Loggly,
        Papertrail, and more. I have also worked with a lot of different
        alerting tools, like PagerDuty, OpsGenie, and more. I have also worked
        with a lot of different security tools, like Auth0, Okta, and more. I
        have also worked with a lot of different performance tools, like
        Lighthouse, WebPageTest, and more. I have also worked with a lot of
        different SEO tools, like Google Search Console, Bing Webmaster Tools,
        and more. I have also worked with a lot of different analytics tools,
        like Google Analytics, Mixpanel, and more. I have also worked with a lot
        of different marketing tools, like Mailchimp, HubSpot, and more. I have
        also worked with a lot of different design tools, like Sketch, Figma,
        and more. I have also worked with a lot of different prototyping tools,
        like InVision, Marvel, and more. I have also worked with a lot of
        different wireframing tools, like Balsamiq, Axure, and more. I have also
        worked with a lot